And the son of Pandu then reduced to subjection the fierce Mlechchas residing on the sea coast, as also the wild tribes of the Palhavas, the Kiratas, the Yavanas, and the Sakas. And having subjugated various monarchs, and making all of them pay tributes, Nakula that foremost of the Kurus, full of resources, retraced his way towards his own city. And, O king, so great was the treasure which Nakula brought that ten thousand camels could carry it with difficulty on their backs. And arriving at Indraprastha, the heroic and fortunate son of Madri presented the whole of that wealth unto Yudhishthira. "Thus, O king, did Nakula subjugate the countries that lay to the west--the direction that is presided over by the god Varuna, and that had once before been subjugated by Vasudeva himself!" Next: Section XXXII The Mahabharata, Book 2: Sabha Parva: Rajasuyika Parva: Section XXXII   SECTION XXXII   (Rajasuyika Parva)   Vaisampayana said,--"in consequence of the protection afforded by Yudhisthira the just, and of the truth which he ever cherished in his behaviour, as also of the check under which he kept all foes, the subjects of that virtuous monarch were all engaged in their respective avocations. And by reason of the equitable taxation and the virtuous rule of the monarch, clouds in his kingdom poured as much rain as the people desired, and the cities and the town became highly prosperous. Indeed as a consequence of the monarch's acts; every affair of the kingdom, especially cattle bleeding, agriculture and trade prospered highly. O king, during those days even robbers and cheats never spoke lies amongst themselves, nor they that were the favourites of the monarch. There were no droughts and floods and plagues and fires and premature deaths in those days of   p. 68   [paragraph continues] Yudhishthira devoted to virtue.

The large @placeholder room of the king became so much filled with hoards of wealth virtuously obtained that it could not be emptied even in a hundred years.

treasure